Eventing Docs updates for 6.6 (#1474)
couchbase/docs-server: modules/eventing/pages/eventing-statistics.adoc

:page-edition: Enterprise Edition

[abstract]

> As of 6.6.0 Eventing Statistics four key metrics are displayed in Eventing main UI page for each deployed Function by clicking on the Function name to expand the Functions controls. These fours metrics or Deployment Statistics are displayed as numeric values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Eventing Statistics, for each deployed Function, can be fetched from an Eventing node using the Web Console or using the REST API.

As of 6.6.0, Eventing Statistics can be displayed in the Eventing main UI page for each deployed Function by clicking on the Function name to expand the Function controls. These four key metrics or Deployment Statistics are displayed as numeric values:
```

Keep the existing abstract and add this as an introductory body-text paragraph.

* *success*	- displays the number of processed Functions.	   
* *failure*	- displays the number of failures while processing the Function handler code.
* *backlog*	- displays the number of mutations to be processed by a Function.
* *timeout*	- displays the number of Functions which have encountered a timeout condition.   	
+
image::eventing_ui_handler_stats.png[,800]

In addition per Function Statistics can be fetched the Web Console or using the REST API.

*Via the Web Console*

Eventing Statistics, for each deployed Function, can be fetched from an Eventing node using the Web Console.

> Prior to the 6.6.0 release, to fetch Eventing Statistics for a deployed Function you need to leave the Eventing main UI page, first goto the *Couchbase Web Console* > *Servers* page, then click *Statistics.* Note, this page will only show deployed Eventing functions, you can scroll down to any section labeled *Eventing Stats: _deployed_function_name_* and expand the section to show the four key graphs for the Function along with numeric values listed below each graph:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch full Eventing Statistics for a deployed Function you need to leave the Eventing main UI page. First go to the *Couchbase Web Console* > *Servers* page, then click *Statistics.* Note that this page will only show deployed Eventing functions. You can scroll down to any section labeled *Eventing Stats: _deployed_function_name_* and expand the section to show the four key graphs for the Function, along with numeric values listed below each graph:
```

Updated from #1477
